{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Noob to Knowledgeable\
\
While I have been meaning to put something like this together for years, the real urge to put something in writing started as a project for a clerk I met in a grocery store. He saw a logo on my polo shirt and asked about getting into the field. As I\'92ve talked to others in Infosec, almost everyone has been asked about how to break into the field and there don\'92t seem to be any good guides on what to study. \
\
I have worked with college students in the College Cyber Defense Competitions and have generally seen that most college professors lack the real world experience to create a truly relevant body of knowledge a person should have to be effective in this field. To quote an SE and longtime friend after watching some of the college students in action: \'93I weep for the future of CyberSecurity in America\'94. \
\
I think that we in the industry can fix this. This is a first swipe, 1.0 version of a body of knowledge I put together over nights and weekends while still doing my day job. I\'92ve run it by several other people, but I\'92m positive I\'92m missing large pieces of the overall security picture. \
\
This is where you come in. Please feel free to let me know what I\'92m missing. Also, I\'92d love to hear what links provided worked well and what didn\'92t. I\'92d like to see this become a living document that gets updated and eventually takes on a life of its own. }